h1. Copy/Paste Stack Plugin

Source code of the intellij IDEA "Copy/Paste Stack Plugin":http://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/7478
This is a plugin for the various intellij IDEs, working in IntelliJ IDEA, RubyMine, WebStorm, PhpStorm,
PyCharm, PyCharm CE, AppCode and Android Studio.


h2. Description

Adds a tool window of copy history items, similar to the standard copy history built-in,
but possible to be kept persistently open and with some additional features:

* Copy/paste stack provides a list of copied string items, from the current and recent sessions. Copy/paste stack caches its content, allowing you to keep copied items for as long as needed (instead of limiting their availability to the current editing session).
* The full text of selected items can optionally be previewed in an editable text pane.
* One or multiple selected items can be inserted into the editor via [ENTER] key, [SPACE] or double click.
* Items are automatically trimmed from surrounding whitespace.
* The list of copied items can be sorted alphabetically
* When pasting items back into the editor, they can be wrapped with a prefix and postfix string, and a delimiter when pasting multiple items at once.


h2 Changgelog
https://github.com/kstenschke/copypastestack-plugin/blob/master/CHANGELOG.textile


h2. License

Copyright 2014 Kay Stenschke

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

"http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.